docs: auth docs (#507)
asyncapi/glee: docs/auth/bearerToken.md

## Getting started with Bearer Token authentication

> Bearer Token authentication is one of the most popular forms of authentication and is widely used because of it's percieved security. This guide will walk through how to implement bearer token authentication in Glee.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bearer Token authentication is one of the most popular forms of authentication and is widely used because of its percieved security. This guide will walk through how to implement bearer token authentication in Glee.
```

A sample `asyncapi.yaml` for a server with security requirements and user password security scheme is shown below:

```yaml
##server asyncAPI schema
asyncapi: 2.6.0
info:
  title: AsyncAPI IMDB server
  version: 1.0.0
  description: This app is a dummy server that would stream the trending/upcoming anime.
servers:
  trendingAnimeServer:
    url: 'http://localhost:8081'
    protocol: http
    security:
      - token: []

      ...

components:
  securitySchemes:
    token:
      type: http
      scheme: bearer
      bearerFormat: JWT

```

A sample `asyncapi.yaml` for a client that implements some of the requirements of the server above:

```yaml
##client asyncAPI schema
servers:
  trendingAnime:
    url: http://localhost:8081
    protocol: http
    security:
      - token: []
  testwebhook:
    url: ws://localhost:9000
    protocol: ws
x-remoteServers:
  - trendingAnime

  ...

components:
  securitySchemes:
    token:
      type: http
      scheme: bearer
      bearerFormat: JWT

```

> **The Client asyncapi.yaml file does not need to implement all the security requirements in the server, it only needs to implement the ones that it uses.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The Client asyncapi.yaml file does't need to implement all the security requirements in the server, it only needs to implement the ones that it uses.**
```
